docs: add note with alternatives to using remote layers (#35721)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.guide/6.going-further/7.layers.md

})
```

::note
We recommend avoiding remote layers in favor of publishing the layer's contents as an npm package (public or private, e.g. via [GitHub Packages](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/learn-github-packages/introduction-to-github-packages)).

> Alternatively, you could also add any remote git URL directly as a dependency with your package manager (npm, pnpm, yarn, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you could also add any [remote git URL directly as a dependency](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v12/configuring-npm/package-json#git-urls-as-dependencies).
```
